# ROS 2 Security Working Group Meeting Minutes
10 October 2023
[Meeting Recording](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4nXyK-iK61A) | [Meeting Announcement](https://discourse.ros.org/t/security-working-group-meeting-october-2023/33933)
 
## Agenda
- (Florencia) Approval requested: [Add minutes from meeting on September 12, 2023](https://github.com/ros-security/community/pull/54)
 
## Attendees
 
- Jishnu Suresh - Lonebots
- Kalle Koivisto - Unikie
- Mirko Ferrati - Canonical
- Florencia Cabral - Canonical
 
## Administivia
 
### Approve last meeting minutes
 
[Minutes from the meeting on September 12, 2023](https://github.com/ros-security/community/pull/54) were approved.
 
## Discussion
 
- The group discussed a plan to invite a representative from Zenoh MW to talk about its security model, and tasks needed for group-maintained projects such as SROS2 to integrate Zenoh examples and documentation.
- Status of open PRs for group membership requests
