# ROS 2 Security Working Group Meeting Minutes
11 April 2023
[Meeting Recording](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fNTe9yfIDfA&feature=youtu.be) | [Meeting Announcement](https://discourse.ros.org/t/security-working-group-meeting-april-2023/30721)
 
## Agenda
- (Florencia) Approval requested: [Add minutes from meeting on March 14, 2023](https://github.com/ros-security/community/pull/48)
 
## Attendees
 
- Robbie Fryers - Airbotics
- Ruffin White
- Eduardo Ponz - eProsima
- Kalle Koivisto - Unikie
- Florencia Cabral - Canonical
 
## Administivia
 
### Approve last meeting minutes
 
[Minutes from the meeting on March 14, 2023](https://github.com/ros-security/community/pull/48) were approved.
 
## Discussion
 
- Eduardo shared the REP that was opened for DDS Security PKCS#11 Support: [REP-2015](https://github.com/ros-infrastructure/rep/pull/375), as discussed in the last meeting. This is awaiting a review from the maintainers. 
- Discussion on use of containers for ROS deployment: limitations that can affect shared memory access or interprocess communication, and security considerations such as running Docker containers as root.
