# ROS 2 Security Working Group Meeting Minutes
12 September 2023
[Meeting Announcement](https://discourse.ros.org/t/security-working-group-meeting-september-2023/33271)
 
## Agenda
- (Florencia) Approval requested: [Minutes from meeting on June 13, 2023](https://github.com/ros-security/community/pull/53)
 
## Attendees
 
- Cameron Mott (SwRI)
- Victor Manske
- Ruffin White
- Mirko Ferrati (Canonical)
- Florencia Cabral (Canonical)
 
## Administivia
 
### Approve last meeting minutes
 
[Minutes from meeting on June 13, 2023](https://github.com/ros-security/community/pull/53) were approved.
 
## Discussion
 
- The Canonical team shared 2 reports of vulnerabilities in ROS core packages that it has found through its own analyses.
- The group discussed issues around exploitability, disclosure, and a larger effort to find and fix existing issues in ROS code.
- The meeting was not recorded since the vulnerabilities discussed have not yet been made public.
