# ROS 2 Security Working Group Meeting Minutes
13 June 2023
[Meeting Recording](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QyYzr0f69y4) | [Meeting Announcement](https://discourse.ros.org/t/security-working-group-meeting-june-2023/31548)
 
## Agenda
- (Florencia) Approval requested: [Add minutes from meeting on May 09, 2023](https://github.com/ros-security/community/pull/50)
 
## Attendees
  
- Patrick Dahlke
- Ruffin White
- Kalle Koivisto - Unikie
- Florencia Cabral - Canonical
 
## Administivia
 
### Approve last meeting minutes
 
[Minutes from the meeting on May 09, 2023](https://github.com/ros-security/community/pull/50) were approved.
 
## Discussion
 
- Short discussion and questions from members about the security-oriented ament wrappers proposed to the WG. Still pending some CI testing.
- Update on open issues of FastDDS/CycloneDDS interoperability (issues open [here](https://github.com/eProsima/Fast-DDS/issues/3259) and [here](https://github.com/eclipse-cyclonedds/cyclonedds/issues/1547))
