# ROS 2 Security Working Group Meeting Minutes
14 February 2024
[Meeting Announcement](https://discourse.ros.org/t/security-working-group-meeting-february-2024/35790)
 
## Agenda
- (Florencia) Approval requested: Add minutes from meeting on January 9, 2024
 
## Attendees
 
- Guillaume Beuzeboc (Canonical)
- Florencia Cabral (Canonical)
- Patrick Dahlke (Apex.AI)
- Juhana Helovuo
- Kalle Koivisto (Unikie)
- Eduardo Ponz Segrelles (eProsima)
 
## Administivia
 
### Approve last meeting minutes
 
Minutes from the meeting on January 9, 2024 were approved.
 
## Discussion
 
- The group discussed the PR for [PKCS#11](https://github.com/ros-infrastructure/rep/pull/375#issuecomment-1919653018), and gave input to resolve the most recent points brought up by the maintainers.
