# ROS 2 Security Working Group Meeting Minutes
 
08 February 2022
[Meeting Recording](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bNjLwZB13h0) | [Meeting Announcement](https://discourse.ros.org/t/security-working-group-meeting-february-2022/24218)
 
## Agenda
- (Jeremie) Approval requested: [Add minutes for meeting on January 11, 2022](https://github.com/ros-security/community/pull/34)
- (Jeremie) Member downgrade rule proposal #35
- (Victor) [Safety, Security and Performance in Robotics - A workshop led by the European Commission](https://news.aliasrobotics.com/safety-security-performance-european-commission/)
- (Jeremie) Discussion around reference implementation

 
## Attendees
Gianluca Caiazza
Jeremie Deray (artivis)
Victor Mayoral Vilches
Roger Strain
Marco Gutierrez
Florencia Cabral
Kalle Kovisto
Kide Vuoj√§rvi
Bartolome Jimenez Vera
Joonas Loppi
Unai Ayucar Carbajo
Adam Mitz

 
## Administivia
 
### Approve last meeting minutes
 
[Minutes from the meeting on January 11, 2021](https://github.com/ros-security/community/pull/34) were approved.

## Workshop on Safety, Security and Performance in Robotics

Victor shared about an upcoming [workshop on safety, security and performance in Robotics](https://news.aliasrobotics.com/safety-security-performance-european-commission/) led by the European commission on Feb. 9, which will explore how collaborative robots can be safe and secure.

## SROS2 reference implementation
 
- There was a short exchange about the reference implementation. Victor shared he is part of a group trying to push forward the topic of ROS 2 security as well, using Turtlebot 3 and the navigation stack. This is complementary to what the group decides to do with the reference implementation. 
- In addition, it was proposed to start developing a shared document on security best practices for ROS and robotics more generally, in the form of a living wiki including both conceptual and practical guidelines.
